# TASK 1
To prepare for your meeting, you need to draft questions that you think will be important and relevant to the CEO and CMO. This preparation will be your guide as you develop your presentation.

For this task, you are only required to draft the questions. Make sure to think both quantitatively and qualitatively.

You’ve been provided a dataset in the resources below to use as the basis for your exploration. Review this data, taking note of what information has been provided, what insights you can garner, and what is relevant to both the CEO and CMO respectively.

Create a set of four questions that you anticipate each business leader will ask and want to know the answers to. Make sure you differentiate your questions, as both the CEO and CMO view business decisions through different lenses.

Submit your eight questions in total (4 for the CEO and 4 for the CMO) in the text submission box below. 

For the CEO:

1. Can we discern any seasonality in our retail sales based on a trend analysis of our revenues?
2. Which markets demonstrate the highest potential for growth, and what approaches should we consider to further capture these markets?
3. Who are our top-tier consumers contributing the most to our purchases, and what is their role in our total revenue generation?
4. Which regions contribute most significantly to our revenues, and what strategies could we employ to increase our sales in markets that we haven't fully exploited yet?

For the CMO:

1. Which marketing strategies have proven most effective in promoting sales and augmenting revenue?
2. How has demographic data from our customer base influenced our marketing choices, and what insights can be derived from this data to further enhance our marketing endeavors?
3. Are there significant disparities in the buying behavior among different customer segments, and how could we customize our marketing efforts to cater to these differences?
4. What key performance indicators are we currently using to assess the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, and how could we refine these metrics to better inform our marketing decisions?
